                RAR - What's new in the latest version


   Version 3.50

   1. New -n<mask> and -n@<listfile> switches set additional include
      filters, so only files matching the mask will be processed.

   2. New -id[c,d,p,q] switch. Additionally to previously available
      -idp switch (disable percentage indicator), switches -idc, -idd
      and -idq instruct the console RAR to hide the copyright message,
      "Done" message and all information messages.

   3. Switch -e+<attr> allows to specify file include attributes mask.
      For example, you can use -e+h switch to compress only hidden files.

   4. Switch -ver[n] supports the optional 'n' parameter also when
      archiving. It limits the maximum number of file versions.


   Version 3.41

   1. Corrections in Unicode processing for DBCS languages
      (Japanese, Chinese).

   2. When adding new files to already existing RAR solid archive,
      RAR 3.40 compression ratio was lower than in RAR 3.30.
      Corrected in this version.


   Version 3.40

   1. "Fastest" (-m1) RAR compression method has been modified
      to provide much higher compression speed and lower ratio.
      It may be useful for tasks requiring the high speed like
      regular backups.

      You may increase "Fastest" speed even more selecting 64KB
      compression dictionary instead of default 4MB.

   2. RAR/EMX version supports Unicode in file names when working
      in OS/2, if OS/2 version is a new enough to provide Unicode API.

      Our special thanks to Max Alekseyev, who helped to implement
      OS/2 Unicode support.

   3. Starting from this version, RAR volumes contain the volume number
      field. Volume number is displayed by 'L' and 'V' commands
      in the line with the total volume information.

      This feature may be useful if original volume names are lost
      and you need to rename them to correct names.

   4. Commands 'L' and 'V' display NTFS "Compressed" attribute
      in archive listing.

   5. Switch -ag may include an optional text enclosed in '{' and '}'
      characters. This text is inserted into archive name.
      For example: -agHH{hours}MM{minutes}

   6. RAR displays the operation progress while repairing
      an archive containing the recovery record.


   Version 3.30

   1. Several -v<size> switches can be specified in the command
      line mode to set different sizes for different volumes.
      For example, 'rar a -v100k -v200k -v300k arcname' command
      sets 100 KB size for first volume, 200KB for second
      and 300KB for all following volumes.

   2. New -st[name] switch to compress data from stdin
      (standard input).

   3. Data analyzing module is tuned to detect executable and audio
      data more accurately. Erroneous selecting of executable
      and audio algorithms could reduce the compression ratio
      in some situations.

   4. 'vt' and 'lt' commands display symlink target names,
      when listing RAR/Unix archives contained symbolic links.
      These commands also display NTFS stream names, when listing
      WinRAR archives contained streams.


   Version 3.20

   1. 'rn' command allows to rename files inside of RAR archives.

   2. 'lb' and 'vb' commands list contents of archive in the bare mode -
      file names without any additional information.

   3. RAR displays the operation percentage when creating recovery
      volumes or reconstructing missing or corrupt volumes.

